Of course you wanna kill me.
You and Witch Baba are in cahoots.
Say that again.
You two are in cahoots.
-We're in cahoots?
-What?
-Influencer? Predictions?
-Let go!
I have evidence
that you two are in cahoots!
Witch Baba sent this encrypted message
to Wa Tsai in Bulgarian.
This is the translation.
CHEN CHIA-JEN
WITCH BABA
WATCH NEW VIDEO NOW
Mom.
Mom!
Can you not listen to that when eating?
I said, can you not listen to that
when eating?
It's a live stream.
What did you say? Say it again!
Fuck you, asshole! Pussy!
-I'll add a charge for insulting officers.
-What?
-Mr. jen.
-Mr. jen…
Fuck! You asshole! Pussy!
Where are you going?
Did you hear me?
I asked you where you're going.
I already told you, I'm going to a gig.
That's so pointless.
Singing for a bunch of people
you don't know.
What a waste of time.
That's my job.
What job?
Shouldn't you spend your time studying?
What's it to you? I like it.
You actually forgot.
Do you know what today is?
Mom's birthday, and? You're still a loser.
What did you say?
You're not going anywhere.
-Spend some time with Mom.
-What?
-Put that down.
-No, give it back!
-No! You're staying.
-Are you crazy?
You're pathetic.
What do you even do all day?
What did you say?
Say that again!
I said you're pathetic.
You talk about Mom all day,
but it's your fault Mom's dead!
She should've seen a doctor.
You lied to me.
You acted like we were a happy family!
-What's wrong with you?
-Loser!
Loser!
You called me a loser?
I said I hate you!
Why wejen't you the one who died?
Give me my mom back!
Back off. Mind your own business.
-I…
-Stay away from me.
Hey, Yu-chieh.
Have you checked your phone?
WITCH BABA
-Hello, everyone.
-Chiu-chiu.
I'm Witch Baba.
Yesterday, I predicted
that someone would die from drowning.
I'm really sorry.
We're still going to draw
the next prediction.
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
-Hello?
-Hey, it's Hippo.
I remembered.
The Illuminati Cards unboxing video,
I think I remember who made it.
Who?
Hello, what's up?
Oromo Cafe.
Ting-yu is coming.
I can go after this, right?
You better not play any tricks.
Is Little Egg here?
She's upstairs.
YU-CHIEH
You made it.
Cheers.
Why'd you bring him?
I'll have lemon cake,
caramel macchiato cake,
and German apple pie cake.
-What do you want?
-Chocolate cake.
-New York cheesecake?
-Okay.
-The blueberry one looks better.
-Sure, and you?
I'll have a cinnamon roll
and some opera cake.
Okay, and some cocoa oolong cake.
Rainbow cake.
-Hey, do you want waffles?
-Yes.
Honey cream mochi waffles.
-Salad too, I'm hungry.
-Hey.
Pork chop cheese salad.
-Sounds good.
-Can you hurry up?
Yes. The cop is paying, right?
-What about drinks?
-I want a black coffee.
-I want a latte.
-Latte.
Let me confirm your order.
TAKE MEDICINE
REMIND LATER
NY cheesecake,
blueberry cheesecake, apple pie,
caramel macchiato,
lemon cake, cinnamon roll,
chocolate cake, honey cream waffles,
pork chop cheese salad, and rainbow cake.
A house special, black coffee, latte,
a strawberry smoothie,
and a mango smoothie.
-That's right.
-Thanks.
Listen, these cards…
Is a drink enough? We can share food.
Where did you get these?
Is Wei Yen okay?
-Did you hear about Wa Tsai?
-Pay attention.
Oh, your friend is noisy.
Will you tell him to be quiet?
Ask her for me.
Just answer his question.
That's so funny.
So, we're relaying messages now?
That's hilarious.
Miss, can you cooperate?
You're annoying.
I don't want to talk to a killer cop.
-Say that again.
-I'm not talking to a killer cop!
You're coming with me!
-Go ahead. Cuff me!
-What are you doing?
-You're obstructing police work.
-Go ahead!
-Do it!
-Stop filming!
Stop filming! No filming.
-Who do you think you are? My dad?
-Enough…
You think you're my dad?
What? What's going on?
I'm fine…
-Are you okay?
-What's wrong?
I'm fine…
Can we have some water?
Waitress, water!
How many do you take?
One.
-Have some water.
-Water.
What now?
-What's going on?
-I'm fine.
Hey.
MEETING IN PROGRESS
DO NOT DISTURB
Hi, sir.
Sir.
Excuse me…
Sir, this is the request
to access Yeh Pin-hsuan's call logs.
Please review it.
-If she--
-Who is Yeh Pin-hsuan?
She was at the Liu Yen-hua crime scene.
I find her suspicious.
I'd like to look into her whereabouts.
Shouldn't you focus on
Liu Yen-hua's activities before he died?
No, but…
Her dessert shop
isn't near the crime scene.
Don't you find that strange?
I won't sign it without evidence.
I got it.
CONTACT RECORDS RETRIEVAL REQUEST
SUBJECT: LIU YEN-HUA
I want to report a case.
POLICE OFFICER: LI HSIN-PING
-Miss, can you be more specific?
-I'm trying.
My friend has been missing for five days.
I need you to find her now, please.
Miss, calm down.
-I called her mom.
-Relax.
She hasn't heard from her either.
I called over ten times yesterday.
Miss, calm down. Leave your information.
Her boyfriend used to beat her, you know.
We have to follow procedure.
I'm worried about her.
What if when you find her, she's already…
Things were pretty good between us.
We were about to get married
but she suddenly went missing.
I'm guessing she got cold feet.
-And…
-Excuse me.
she's stopped taking my calls.
Have you contacted her family
or any other friends?
No.
She suffers from depression.
Depression.
I'm worried about her.
Why didn't you ask him to open the door?
Then you could've searched.
We don't have a search warrant.
Do you want to get sued?
Then why not request a search warrant?
If it's that easy, you do it.
This is a police investigation.
I have some questions.
Did I do something?
RETRIEVAL SUBJECT: YEH PIN-HSUAN
-What now?
-What was that?
Do you need to go to the hospital?
-Well…
-Is he okay?
Alright, fine.
I bought it at An Shen Toy Store.
What store is that?
An Shen Toy Store.
Do they sell masks, too?
They do, yeah.
But the killer might not be
the one wearing a mask
What do you mean?
I mean…
anyone can be the killer.
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
Yesterday, I predicted
that someone would die from drowning.
I'm really sorry.
We're still going to draw
the next prediction.
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
Everything online is fake.
Anyone could be Witch Baba.
So the police can't see my face.
Thank you.
Hey…
Where are you going?
Hey, shit.
An Shen Toy Store?
Yes.
-Hey.
-Yes, but…
I guess I'll eat all this by myself.
CLOSED
You don't know who Witch Baba is?
Think about it carefully, okay?
She singled you out.
You must know her.
One of my friends
is in the hospital, and the other's dead.
And you're here eating a hot dog.
What?
I'm free to go?
Your…
buddy is no longer in critical condition.
Seriously?
I just got this.
A-HUA: WEI MENG-YEN IS OUT OF DANGER
HAVE A GOOD EVENING
Your daughter?
You keep sending her
boomer greeting images.
You must be driving her crazy.
What do you mean,
"boomer greeting images"?
The stuff you send.
Everyone does it, don't they?
Only old people send those, okay?
I only send stickers.
What stickers?
I'll show you.
Wow, you don't have a single sticker.
I'll send you a sick one.
That's so ugly.
Ugly? You're ugly.
This is so cute. Look.
I designed this move.
You shake your shoulders
on the second "Yo".
Yo! Yo! Try it.
I'll add you.
-One more question.
-Sure.
On Facebook…
can you add people as friends?
Facebook?
Yes, you can.
Usually, only friends can see your posts.
But I'm an influencer, so it's diffejent.
My posts get thousands of likes.
I only asked if you could add friends.
You can.
But you need a Facebook account first.
Do you have one?
Here, I'll help you.
You're unbelievable.
Ajen't you guys close?
Are you close to your pajents?
I don't have pajents.
My dad died,
and my mom ran off with another guy.
Who raised you?
My grandma.
I moved to Taipei for high school.
So, what did you do for food?
Uber Eats.
Do you think I'm a kid?
I'm setting your profile picture.
CHEN YU-CHIEH
Done.
Now, you just wait for her to accept it.
-Thank you.
-No big deal.
You can go now.
I don't need them.
Actually, she hates my smoking.
Go on.
-I'll get going, then.
-Okay.
See you.
Hey.
How did it go?
Hello, Mr. jen?
I found Witch Baba's location.
Really?
Sorry, sir. I jumped the gun.
I mean,
I suspect Witch Baba is Yeh Pin-hsuan,
so I checked her IP address.
-There isn't enough evidence, but--
-Where is it?
At an internet cafe.
It's called RS E-Sports.
No. 26, Yangguang St.
AN SHEN TOY STORE
Sir.
-Are you looking for someone?
-Police.
How can I help you, officer?
It's fine.
I want to check
your surveillance cameras.
They're all by the counter.
Only the front? Nothing in the back?
Just the ones in front. None in the back.
Why not?
We followed the regulations, officer.
Okay, it's fine. Get back to work.
Hey, sir.
Hey!
I'm talking to you!
Stop!
Get up!
Kuo Ta-fu.
What were you doing there?
Gaming.
Why did you run if you were gaming?
A-Hua.
Kuo Ta-fu.
Hekeng Hospital doctor.
I remember you.
You treated Wei Meng-yen.
You also caused the chest bleed.
Doctor.
What were you doing there?
I've already told him, I was gaming.
Gaming.
And evading the police?
He didn't say he was police.
You ran as soon as you saw him.
He didn't get a chance.
Were you playing a gambling game?
Got a lot of enemies?
Or dodging debt?
I want a lawyer.
You want a lawyer already?
We see this all the time.
You're clearly hiding something.
Tough luck. Mr. jen is sharp.
Otherwise, you would've escaped.
TAKE MEDICINE
REMIND LATER
-Hello, Mr. jen?
-Did you find anything?
Nothing on camera.
I checked his computer, too.
Nothing unusual in his browser history.
Hello?
-Pause…
-Here?
WITCH BABA
DEATH BY DROWNING
I knew it.
XIMEN RED HOUSE
Here's the Red House. Let's take a photo
-Let's see.
-Take a photo of me.
-He looks strange
-One more photo.
Why is he…
Sir…
Sir, are you okay? Sir!
Why is he bleeding so much?
-Sir, are you okay?
-Are you okay?
-Ambulance!
-911?
Ximen MRT, Exit 6.
Are you okay?
A man collapsed.
He has a knife in his stomach.
He's bleeding a lot.
If you were home,
you need at least one person
to prove that you wejen't home
or that you were home.
Right?
To the interrogation room.
-Interrogation room.
-Let's go.
-Hey, my lawyer's not here yet.
-Mr. jen.
The news.
Earlier tonight, at around 8:30 p.m.,
a shocking murder occurred in Ximending.
According to eyewitnesses at the scene,
a man with serious injuries
showed up near the Red House Square.
However, he collapsed almost immediately,
which shocked the people nearby.
As for how all of this happened,
Local police arrived on scene right away.
You can see
the yellow police tape is already up.
From what we know so far,
the victim is an influencer surnamed Lin.
However, he was allegedly involved
in hostile online disputes.
Whether that led to the murder
is still under investigation
by the police.
But if you look closely,
there have been several recent killings
involving influencers.
Could this affect
upcoming events like KOL STAGE?
This has also drawn public attention.
Can you describe
what happened earlier again?
There were two witnesses.
Curjently, we haven't found…
-Thanks.
-He fell down.
-Stabbed.
-Four stabs to the stomach.
Mr. jen.
Lin Po-lun, 27, also an influencer.
Four stab wounds to the stomach.
He struggled for three minutes
before he died.
Two people tried to save him, but failed.
The crime scene is likely
the alley 500 meters ahead.
No one saw the killer, right?
No.
Hsin-ping.
Up ahead.
This series of incidents
were predicted
by a psychic online influencer.
She shows up wearing a mask.
And she runs her channel by drawing cards.
She's predicted earthquakes
and even major building fires before.
Whether this case is linked to her
is still under investigation
by the police.
A-Hua.
Why is he still here?
Mr. jen detained him.
He's a suspect
in the influencer murder case.
Didn't another influencer
just get murdered?
Right.
But Mr. jen said--
The killing happened
while he's been detained.
That's the best alibi.
He's an ER doctor.
Holding him too long might cause problems.
It's fine. I should report to Mr. jen.
The higher-ups are on to Mr. jen.
If the netizens jump on him again
because of this…
He'll face disciplinary action.
Release him.
I'll take responsibility.
He walked this far after being stabbed?
So, that means
the body wasn't found
at the primary crime scene.
Where did you get the gun?
I applied for it
when I transferred to the field.
Put it down first.
Okay.
Did you forget
what you learned at the academy?
First, don't be afraid of the gun.
Say the target's right in front of you.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Relax
Ready, aim.
There you go.
Your legs. One in front of the other.
Relax your arms, but keep them straight.
Okay.
Yes, that's right.
Good job.
Return the gun tomorrow.
Seriously, Mr. jen?
I'm not afraid of guns.
I scored 95 on the shooting test.
You've never fired a gun
and killed someone.
No…
I've never done that.
This should be the primary crime scene.
There's nowhere to hide nearby.
I think…
the killer and the deceased
knew each other.
And he was wearing slippers.
-Maybe he lives nearby?
-He came out for a smoke.
He was killed in a public place.
It must've been an impulsive killing.
The weapon was probably purchased nearby.
How do you know
it wasn't brought from home?
You didn't look closely at the body.
POLICE LINE
DO NOT CROSS
I heard stories about you
back in the Police Academy.
They said that you solved a serial murder
after becoming squad leader.
That's legendary.
I hope I can be as good as you someday.
You sure know how to flatter people.
Which unit were you in before?
I used to do desk work at the precinct.
After transferring to the High-Tech Crime,
the workload exploded.
My dad always says,
I used to go home once a week.
Later on, it became once a month.
Then, once every three months.
Then eventually--
It was down to once a year.
After that…
you never went home.
You kept working cases
until your body gave out.
You never even knew
your own wife was dying.
At the end of the day, you're all alone.
LIFE GOODS
Was that too impulsive?
The tag on the knife.
LIFE GOODS
-399 NTD.
-Li Hsin-ping, High-Tech Crime Unit
We need to check your cameras.
Okay.
Four o'clock…
Four-thirty, no.
And this is…
Five o'clock.
And five-thirty.
And…
Six o'clock.
Hey, wait.
Give it to me.
Yes, that's her. This woman.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
399 NTD.
I received 500 NTD.
Your change is 101 NTD…
Miss.
Witch Baba?
Is it this one?
Yes.
-Wait!
-You can't do that.
Thank you.
You'll break it.
Witch Baba?
KAO PI
-Hello?
-Hey.
Who's the guy who got killed?
The guy who got killed…
Lin Po-lun?
An influencer no one follows.
Wei Meng-yen, go to hell!
The most fun…
He dissed Wei Yen before.
So he has something to do with this?
I don't get it.
Could it just be a random killing?
I wish that were the case.
I'm coming over now.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone. I'm Witch Baba.
AUDIO CALL
CHEN CHIA-jen
Today is October 3rd.
Yesterday, I predicted
that someone would die from drowning.
I'm really sorry.
We're still going to…
We're still going to draw
the next prediction.
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
You'll never guess.
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
Sorry about that.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang